gh-74185: repr() of ImportError now contains attributes name and path (#136770)
python/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.15.rst

* Several error messages incorrectly using the term "argument" have been corrected.
  (Contributed by Stan Ulbrych in :gh:`133382`.)

> * The :meth:`repr` of :class:`ImportError` and :class:`ModuleNotFoundError` now
>   contains attributes name and path.
>   (Contributed by Serhiy Storchaka, Oleg Iarygin, and Yoav Nir in :gh:`74185`.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The :meth:`~object.__repr__` of :exc:`ImportError` and :exc:`ModuleNotFoundError`
  now shows "name" and "path" as ``name=<name>`` and ``path=<path>`` if they were given 
  as keyword arguments at construction time.
  (Contributed by Serhiy Storchaka, Oleg Iarygin, and Yoav Nir in :gh:`74185`.)
```

I don't have a better wording but at least change the `meth` and `class` roles as indicated.

* Several error messages incorrectly using the term "argument" have been corrected.
  (Contributed by Stan Ulbrych in :gh:`133382`.)

* The :meth:`~object.__repr__` of :class:`ImportError` and :class:`ModuleNotFoundError`
  now shows "name" and "path" as ``name=<name>`` and ``path=<path>`` if they were given
  as keyword arguments at construction time.
  (Contributed by Serhiy Storchaka, Oleg Iarygin, and Yoav Nir in :gh:`74185`.)

> 

Reviewer 2: Hey @Yoav11, there's a conflict with `main` in this place. It needs to be resolved.
